README.rst, before:

|Build Status| |Coverage Status| |PyPI Version| |Wheel Status|

Flask-Docker
============

Flask-Docker is an extension for Flask_ that integrates Docker_ client into
your application. It is based on the official client docker-py_.

.. _Flask: http://flask.pocoo.org
.. _Docker: https://www.docker.com
.. _docker-py: https://github.com/docker/docker-py#readme


Installation
------------

::

    pip install Flask-Docker


Issues
------

If you want to report bugs or request features, please create issues on
`GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tonyseek/flask-docker/issues>`_.


Contributes
-----------

You can send a pull reueqst on
`GitHub <https://github.com/tonyseek/flask-docker/pulls>`_.



.. |Build Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/tonyseek/flask-docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/tonyseek/flask-docker
   :alt: Build Status
.. |Coverage Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/tonyseek/flask-docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/tonyseek/flask-docker
   :alt: Coverage Status
.. |Wheel Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/Flask-Docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://warehouse.python.org/project/Flask-Docker
   :alt: Wheel Status
.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/Flask-Docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Flask-Docker
   :alt: PyPI Version

Commit message:

add docs link to README.

README.rst, after:

|Build Status| |Coverage Status| |PyPI Version| |Wheel Status|

Flask-Docker
============

Flask-Docker is an extension for Flask_ that integrates Docker_ client into
your application. It is based on the official client docker-py_.

The document is in ReadTheDocs_.

.. _Flask: http://flask.pocoo.org
.. _Docker: https://www.docker.com
.. _docker-py: https://github.com/docker/docker-py#readme
.. _ReadTheDocs: https://flask-docker.readthedocs.org


Installation
------------

::

    pip install Flask-Docker


Issues
------

If you want to report bugs or request features, please create issues on
`GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tonyseek/flask-docker/issues>`_.


Contributes
-----------

You can send a pull reueqst on
`GitHub <https://github.com/tonyseek/flask-docker/pulls>`_.



.. |Build Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/tonyseek/flask-docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/tonyseek/flask-docker
   :alt: Build Status
.. |Coverage Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/tonyseek/flask-docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/tonyseek/flask-docker
   :alt: Coverage Status
.. |Wheel Status| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/Flask-Docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://warehouse.python.org/project/Flask-Docker
   :alt: Wheel Status
.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/Flask-Docker.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Flask-Docker
   :alt: PyPI Version
